(Parental guidance advised for viewers...)
(under the age of 12.)
Seo Eon, the security guard is over there.
Let's give him two.
Excuse me.
(What are the twins gifting him?)
Are you here to see me?
Thank you.
During the holidays,
it's customary to gift
rice cakes to people...
you're thankful for.
Who is the most thankful
person in your life?
- The security guard.
- Good answer.
- Hold on.
- He's eating it.
What are you doing?
Rice cakes for sale.
It's not meant to be sold.
Say, "Have a wonderful day."
Have a wonderful day.
(Laughing happily)
Okay. See you.
The twins...
circle the neighborhood to show gratitude.
- Thank you.
- Is the rice cake for me?
Thank you.
Have a plentiful Chuseok.
Why are you giving these to us?
Our dad told us to hand them out...
to people that we're thankful for.
How sweet of you.
Thank you. We'll enjoy the rice cakes.
He's so cute.
Hey, Seo Eon.
Come over here.
(They gaze at a building.)
I think it's this one.
I think this is the one.
(Where is this place?)
(They enter the building first.)
(Looking around)
Where is the entrance?
Who are you here to see?
Yong Hwa.
Hey, Seo Eon.
(They met by chance on a rainy day.)
(He's kind and handsome.)
(He carried Seo Eon, who was fast asleep.)
Is Yong Hwa here?
Did you have an appointment with him?
No, we didn't make one.
But we brought these to give to him.
They're rice cakes.
Rice cakes?
(He picks one up...)
(and indifferently tosses it to her.)
Thank you.
(She immediately calls to confirm.)
All right.
Head up to the third-floor workroom.
The third floor?
Thank you very much.
(Thankfully, Yong Hwa seems to be in.)
This is the third floor.
Where do we go now?
(Something suddenly
catches Seo Eon's eyes.)
A certain poster catches Seo Eon's eyes.
(It's a poster of Yong Hwa.)
Hey, Seo Jun.
Do you think that's Yong Hwa?
His hairstyle seems a bit different.
Kids, that's Yong Hwa.
But he seems to have stepped out.
(Hissing)
It's dad.
(That's Hwi Jae's signature hiss.)
(Scaring)
(Gosh. How startling.)
What are you guys doing here?
What brings you here today?
(Yong Hwa is glad to see them.)
What's the occasion?
(Please receive a rice cake.)
- What is this?
- Rice cake.
- Rice cake?
- Is that for me?
Really?
We're giving it to you...
because we're thankful that you...
kept us safe from the rain last time.
You're thankful?
(These little munchkins are praiseworthy.)
The Return of Superman, episode 203.
"Bringing Warmth to One Another".
Seo Jun has returned home.
He begins to change.
(The little prankster begins to change.)
Now, he changes all on his own.
Oh, no. That's a T-shirt.
(That's a T-shirt.)
Why is he taking so long to change?
Gosh. He grooms himself now.
(That's not why. His pants aren't fitting.)
(He makes all sorts of efforts...)
(but eventually fails.)
Why are you taking so long?
(Smiling timidly)
Wear these shorts.
Hand that to me.
He still needs a bit of
help from his father.
(He seems all grown-up,
but he's still a baby.)
(Looking about)
Seo Jun searches the
house for something fun.
(Is there anything fun to do?)
(He digs into his dad's backpack.)
Seo Eon, rummaging through...
someone else's backpack isn't right.
Okay.
But I'm not Seo Eon.
Seo Jun.
But you're not someone else.
(You're not just "someone else", dad.)
Hey, don't do that. That's a real baseball.
That's very important to me.
(It's very important to you?)
Just rest up, you two.
As Hwi Jae leaves the room,
the twins begin to move about busily.
They're making me feel a bit uneasy.
(He carries Hwi Jae's
prized signed ball...)
(and slides it underneath the sofa.)
(Goodness)
(And Seo Eon hides one behind a door.)
Seo Eon and Seo Jun.
What are you two doing?
(He's looking for a place
to hide the last ball.)
(Where did Seo Jun just remember?)
(He places it on top of
the bathroom cabinet.)
(Risky)
(He's secretive enough to close the door.)
(Stomping)
(As soon as the door closes, )
(it falls into the toilet.)
(Oh my gosh)
That's very important to me.
(It just happens to fall into the toilet.)
(He hesitates momentarily.)
(He pulls out a tissue right away.)
(He fragilely places a
single sheet on top.)
(He attempts to save the
ball with a tissue.)
(Fail)
(Second attempt, towel)
Why isn't it coming out?
(It's big enough to cover the toilet.)
(It gets more stuck.)
(He moves to find another tool.)
(His presence in the
kitchen is foreboding.)
Oh, no. Don't use a spoon.
(He runs spoon in hand.)
(Seo Jun mischievously uses the spoon.)
(He barely manages to rescue it.)
(Running)
(It's soaked.)
Oh, no.
His mother is going to get shocked.
(He places the spoon right back.)
He placed it right back.
I hid your baseballs.
You can't.
You can't play with those.
That's really important to me.
I'll give you hints.
They're in the bedroom,
playroom, and living room.
But it's not in the toilet.
What are you talking about?
(I want to stay away from Dad right now.)
Yes.
(He easily finds the first treasure.)
How many did you hide all together?
Three. Here it is.
(He stumbles upon the second treasure.)
You little rascals.
The signature belongs to Oh Jae Won.
It's a huge star.
(He boasts about his collection.)
They're invaluable.
(The final ball remains.)
He used his head to hide the last one.
I found it. Hold on.
Why is this so wet?
This is precious to me.
(He wipes it down without a problem.)
Did you toss this into the water?
Hey, this was signed by...
Choi Yong Ho. He's very talented.
This is very precious to me.
But why is this so wet?
But...
if I tell you the truth,
will you forgive me?
There's nothing wrong
with it being wet. Why?
Will you forgive me if
I tell you the truth?
(He wants to be affirmed.)
Of course I will.
Then, follow me.
- What?
- Come over here.
Why?
I placed it...
up here.
But it rolled and fell in there.
It fell into the toilet?
Did you wash it?
I didn't.
You didn't?
(Sighing)
(He washes his little treasure.)
You little rascals.
How did you take it out?
Did you use your hands?
I scooped it out with a spoon.
Where did that spoon go?
- The spoon?
- Yes.
- To wash it?
- Of course.
Did you wash your hands?
Yes.
(He managed to wash his hands.)
Is it this one? Are you sure?
- Yes.
- Gosh.
(You can't just only wash that one.)
Come over here. Listen well.
Choi Yong Ho is Korea's
greatest home run hitter.
- Do you understand?
- Do you love me more...
or the baseball?
Is that even a question?
Of course I love you much more.
I can do anything for you, Seo Jun.
Can I drop the baseball
in there one more time?
Where?
The toilet.
You didn't drop it there on purpose, right?
It was a mistake, right?
Then, it's okay.
(It was really a mistake dad.)
Use both your hands.
(Lo Hee begins her morning with golf.)
(Hole-in-one)
She might really become a golf player.
Where did the ball go?
(The ball rolled under the sofa.)
(She pushes her butt out and searches.)
I found it. It's here.
Is it there?
She just might fit in there.
It rolled under there.
- Shall I help you?
- Yes.
It's out.
(She found it thanks to her dad's help.)
(Something is discomforting her behind.)
I think she keeps getting wedgies.
(Actually...)
(It's been uncomfortable
every time she got up.)
(Why is it getting stuck like this?)
- I keep getting wedgies.
- Come here.
Are you getting wedgies?
Lo Hee, you can change into a diaper...
whenever your underwear
feels uncomfortable.
(She's been weaning off diapers.)
But isn't she so cute
with underwear on now?
She's so adorable, right?
But Daddy,
I think my stomach is about to explode.
You're about to explode? Let's go. Hurry.
Push.
Now she's even learning to use the toilet.
Hey, Lo Hee. Are you pooping?
(Not so long ago, )
(she used to go on the spot.)
Her diaper days just seem like yesterday.
Even the atmosphere at home is different...
since she grew up.
Hey, Lo Hee. Please give me a massage.
- Are you hurting, Dad?
- Yes.
(She suddenly pulls out a phone.)
Hold this, Daddy.
Hello.
This is Tae Gon's residence, right?
Hold on, Tae Gon.
Here, Lo Hee.
Hey, Tae Gon.
I'm sorry for not making it today.
Let's play together next time.
Daddy is sick today.
(Daddy is sick today.)
What did she say?
When did I say that I was sick?
Oh, is it because I said
that I was in pain?
Sure.
I'll be looking after him.
See you next time.
(While these two gush over one another, )
(Eugene is focused on something.)
Mom must've messed something up again.
That's not it.
What is it?
The chocolate melts so fast.
I see.
I'm curious.
(What are you doing, Mommy?)
- What are you making?
- Me?
I'm drawing on a piece of toast.
Toast art is all the
rage online these days.
(A good-looking toast is a tasty toast.)
This is delicate work.
She draws a strawberry with strawberry jam.
And completes the details
with chocolate seeds.
They're Eugene's tasteful toast art.
Children just might enjoy
them better like this.
Would you like to pick, Lo Hee?
I'm going to eat that one.
- This one.
- Is that your favorite?
You pick tasty things so well.
You picked so well.
How did you know that this was yours?
- I know.
- I saw that.
- What should we eat now?
- Are you eating this one?
Here's one for you, honey.
I'll give it a try.
(Anticipant)
How does it taste?
- It's so good.
- Is it?
- Sure, the jam is good.
- The cherry is alive.
But there's also cream cheese.
(Explosion of compliments)
It's so good.
(Exclaiming)
(Positive reactions abound)
This is so good.
- Try this with jam.
- Try it.
(Lo Hee takes a bite too.)
The jam is sweet and tasty.
Give mommy a kiss.
I can't because chocolate
is smeared on my lips.
That's okay.
How nice.
It's smeared.
- Chocolate is smeared.
- That's why you can't?
Mommy is fine with it.
Now, wipe your lips. It's all over it.
You can wipe this on your mouth.
Hey, Lo Hee.
What did mommy say about this?
- It's a waste.
- You're correct.
Throwing away something new is a waste.
- I really...
- She knows the meaning.
- Love...
- You can't waste, okay?
Our Lo Hee.
Excuse me, Dad.
(Excuse me, Dad.)
(She asks him to move aside.)
Watch this, Mommy.
Daddy is exercising.
(Tae Young begins to
show off his strength.)
Eugene.
Don't get on.
- What about me?
- Don't get on.
One. You count "three", Lo Hee.
One. Back to one.
- Two.
- I'm struggling.
Three.
She said you can. Go back down. Three.
- On your knees then.
- Four.
Four.
Pride won't allow you, right?
No.
- I can touch too.
- You can touch.
Lo Hee, daddy is still alive.
Daddy, crawl forward.
- She wants you to go.
- Crawl there?
(Tae Young must do as he's told.)
Daddy is suddenly exercising again.
(He does as he's told.)
My muscles are sore.
(She hops off dexterously.)
All done. Lo Hee, you
have to pay your fare.
Thank you.
I only get words?
Yes.
Thank you very much.
(Walking away)
My heart aches.
My heart is aching.
What are you doing there, Lo Hee?
I'm hiding.
That's hiding?
(All she needs to do is cover her head.)
I'll bring new Moi over.
- Hey, Lo Hee.
- Where's the new Moi?
Is that the older one?
- Hey, Lo Hee.
- It's so interesting...
to see her distinguish between the two.
Which one is the new Moi?
This one's the new one.
Really? Let's see.
Lo Hee actually owns two Moi dolls.
We thought she lost the old one.
So her aunt bought her a new one.
But over time,
the texture, feel, and appearance...
began to look the same.
(Lo Hee distinguishes the two dolls.)
Which one is the new Moi?
(Which is it?)
Now, which one is the new Moi?
(Which will she choose?)
This one's new, and that one's old.
(They have to look at the tags to confirm.)
She's right.
How do you know?
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes and feel them.
Guess which one is which.
(She must choose based on feel and scent.)
This one might be difficult.
Will she be able to guess on feel alone?
This one is new, and that one is old.
She's right.
(Correct again)
How can you tell, Lo Hee?
- I'm so curious.
- How do you know?
How can you tell? They're the same.
They even feel the same.
It has to be different.
She closed her eyes.
She has never guessed incorrectly.
It's a mystery.
- It's really a mystery.
- It really is.
(We are soulmates.)
Where are we going, Lo Hee?
- Hello.
- Hello there.
Hi, Lo Hee.
She's the hair stylist for
Korea's top actresses,
Cha Hong.
(She's familiar with
giving public advice too.)
- Can I take it off?
- Yes.
(This intern is here to
learn from the best.)
How pretty.
You're very good...
- at styling her hair.
- Really?
- I'm not so sure.
- You're good.
(Tae Young is Lo Hee's exclusive stylist.)
This is more than enough talent.
- He's so competent.
- The "Pippi" style...
is difficult for men...
because their hands are too big.
Hair bands for babies are very tiny.
This actually looks great on Lo Hee too.
It's perfectly fine. Part
her hair to the side.
(Lo Hee's style, picking sunflowers)
Bring one side over.
- Then, braid. Can you?
- Yes.
Really? Men usually can't.
You braid backwards.
- Backwards?
- Yes, like this.
Just give her a slight braid.
It's so pretty, Lo Hee.
Just like this. At the final part,
Just tuck it back in like this.
Once you do that, - It's so pretty.
Give the top a tug.
Lo Hee, look at me.
It's pretty.
The new style is saved
inside Tae Young's head.
Take a seat here.
It's time to cut your hair.
- It's time to cut.
- Put your arms in.
It's emotionally healthy for children...
for their parents to cut their hair.
Tae Young will personally cut her hair?
You don't necessarily have
to use this type of brush.
(The intern begins his field training.)
(Cha Hong is also nervous.)
Good. You did well.
All right.
Now, twist it once.
Like how you learned.
You're doing very well.
- Now, cut the center.
- Okay.
That's why it was so straight.
(Trembling)
- My hand is shaking.
- I'm nervous.
(He focuses intently on the snipping.)
(How will Lo Hee's hair look?)
- It's done.
- Was it too much?
No, I think you did a good job.
Shall we look?
Ta-da.
(Ta-da)
- The ends are longer.
- They are, right?
- Yes.
- You did a good job.
- It's pretty, right?
- Yes.
Lo Hee.
These bangs are comfortable...
for children.
They accentuate the children's faces.
I see.
That's right.
(Tilting her head)
(Dad, you are pretty good.)
Straight bangs are okay,
but these are better.
This part is shorter. All right.
- You get it, right?
- Yes.
Good job.
- Good job.
- You speak English well.
To add volume to the bangs,
you can use toilet paper.
- Toilet paper?
- If you are on a trip,
grab the bangs...
and roll them up with toilet paper.
My goodness.
- My goodness.
- Roll them up...
- like this.
- You roll them up.
Roll them up like this.
My goodness, what is this?
It looks like a marshmallow.
Look at this.
Secure it with a small pin.
Lo Hee.
- What is going on?
- My goodness.
(Aunt Bada appears.)
I thought you were an employee.
You look really young.
(Why are you here?)
- Do you use this salon?
- Yes, I do.
I see.
I cut Lo Hee's bangs.
Look at the bangs he cut.
- My goodness.
- He cut them.
My goodness, you look like Ja Doo.
- Ja Doo!
- You look like Ja Doo.
- How cute!
(Hello, Lo Hee and Ja Doo.)
It adds volume to her bangs.
How are you so good at this?
- Is this your new job?
- No, it's not.
Lo Hee looks more feminine with curly hair.
My goodness.
Lo Hee, I am leaving.
Whose car are you riding?
Whose car am I riding?
I am riding my own car.
Do you want to ride it?
- Let's see you again.
- I want to go with you.
Lo Hee, you want to go with me?
- I will get going.
- Bye.
- See you next time.
Lo Hee, I will get going.
(See you again, Aunt Bada.)
- Thank you so much.
- Dad.
I will be able to use...
what I learned today.
Her bangs are very pretty.
- Yes, they are.
- Dad, Dad.
Today... Look.
(Si An is getting his hair done as well.)
You need to look cool today.
Do you want to part your hair?
(What is happening today?)
(Dong Gook is using his skills.)
Look, Si An.
Si An, look.
(He will follow the right path.)
You look cool.
Si An, you just need to wait like this.
When he comes back from school,
he talks about Min Chae from time to time.
Since we moved to a new house,
I invited...
Si An's first girlfriend...
to a housewarming party.
You need to look at it from afar.
What do you think of your hairstyle?
What do you think?
How will it feel to look
this way before Min Chae?
I would be embarrassed.
Don't you like this hairstyle?
- No? No?
- Let's go.
Give me a different hairstyle.
A different hairstyle?
- Yes.
- Which one?
I think this hairstyle is nice. Let's see.
(He lets his dad play with his hair again.)
Si An, go and look at the mirror.
Tell me if you like it.
(Will he like it?)
(He is smiling suspiciously.)
(He looks like he is ready to sing a song.)
I don't want this hairstyle.
All right. Come here.
(Will you stop it?)
Here is a brush.
I want your hairstyle.
- My hairstyle?
- Your hairstyle.
My hairstyle.
Let's pull back your hair in a natural way.
Don't touch your hair. Go and look.
(He feels powerful.)
(My goodness.)
This isn't it.
Which hairstyle do you want?
(Disheartened)
Are you parting your hair?
Min Chae will be scared to see you.
She will be scared to see...
that you parted your hair like delinquents.
Si An, this hairstyle
works the best for you.
I want to wear a princely outfit.
- Really?
- Yes.
Is it because Min Chae is coming?
Yes.
Si An, there is a cool outfit.
Let's go and put on a cool outfit.
(Shouting)
This way.
(What is Si An's princely outfit?)
You want to look cool in front of Min Chae.
Yes.
Make me look cool, Dad.
(He wears a cute bow tie.)
Let's wear this.
(Si An's fashion surprises Dong Gook.)
- Dad.
- Si An.
He transformed into a gentleman.
Si An looks cool.
Si An, sit down.
(Si An, the gentleman)
Does Si An look cool?
He looks cool.
He looks like a magician.
(Like magic, Si An became cooler.)
- Si An.
- Yes?
I have never met Min Chae.
What is she like?
She is very pretty.
(He is very serious.)
Is Min Chae pretty?
Yes.
You must always carry...
- a handkerchief.
- Okay.
When a woman cries, wipe
her tears with this.
- Okay?
- Okay.
When a woman sits down, lay it down.
Okay.
Min Chae is here.
- Seol A and Soo A.
- Min Chae.
(I haven't looked at a mirror yet.)
(Did Min Chae come?)
- It's me.
They are your sisters.
Why is Si An wearing a tuxedo?
Si An's girlfriend is coming.
Seol A and Soo A ran when the door opened.
Si An became cool.
Men should be like that.
(Since he decided to be cool, )
(he shows off his killer moves.)
- How cool!
(It's excessive.)
Si An, is Min Chae pretty?
(Si An, is Min Chae pretty?)
Yes.
Who is prettier, Min Chae or Seol A?
(The moment has come.)
- Sit down.
- Min...
Seol A.
"Min... Seol A".
Who do you like better, me or Min Chae?
- Soo A.
- All right.
Who do you like better, Dad or Min Chae?
Listen, when Min Chae comes,
he will say he likes Min Chae better.
(Stop asking me questions.)
(He runs to the front door.)
Is Min Chae coming?
She should be here any minute.
Min Chae, come quickly.
(Will I hear Min Chae's footsteps?)
I hear Min Chae's footsteps.
When will she come?
(When will she come?)
I want to see Min Chae.
(He eagerly waits for Min Chae.)
Min Chae, come quickly.
(Min Chae, do you hear my voice?)
You are like a stone statue,
Si An.
Hurry up.
Si An, open the door.
(Ringing)
She is here.
(She is finally here.)
(They waited a long time
for Si An's girlfriend.)
- Hello.
- Si An.
She is finally here.
Si An.
Min Chae is here.
This is Min Chae, Si An's girlfriend.
They are friends who smile
when they are together,
Si An and Min Chae.
Welcome, Min Chae.
(Si An's first girlfriend
visits the house.)
Hello.
I will give you a call.
- All right.
- You startled me.
(You startled me.)
(Si An has 4 sisters.)
You startled me.
Hello.
Welcome.
(Min Chae is a sheep to their eyes.)
(Si An is extremely excited.)
- Hello, Min Chae.
- Hello.
(His heart pounds.)
(He wants to say something.)
Do I look cool?
(It's a rash question.)
(Well...)
I guess your outfit is excessive.
Si An, I guess your outfit is excessive.
She didn't know what to say.
I guess your outfit is excessive.
(It's a look she isn't familiar with.)
(The four sisters make her uncomfortable.)
Min Chae, how old are you?
I am four years old.
That makes you my friend.
You are the same age.
You are the same age as Si An.
Do you have siblings?
- No.
- My goodness.
(Min Chae is an only daughter.)
She is an only child.
Min Chae, I am sorry,
but Si An has four sisters.
It's okay, right?
(It's okay.)
Is Si An cool?
Si An is very funny.
Is Si An very funny?
- Is he funny?
What is he like at school? Is he funny?
What is he like at school?
(I will show you how funny I am.)
A ball! A ball!
(The four-year-old likes slapstick comedy.)
Si An, show your room...
to Min Chae.
You should do that. Si An and Min Chae.
- Bye.
It looks like they are going on a trip.
You don't have to hold hands.
Ta-da!
Is this your room?
Yes.
I want to sit here.
Seol A.
(Si An takes something out.)
Min Chae.
(Seol A is taken away.)
What is that?
It's something you like.
How pretty!
It's something I like.
Are these earrings?
Aren't these earrings?
These are earrings.
There is a ring too.
The ring is pretty. I love these.
What is that?
(The jewelry captures Min Chae's heart.)
(Min Chae tries on a tiara.)
It's pretty. It's pretty.
Do you like it?
Yes.
It's pretty.
(Love blooms in Si An's room.)
Will Si An play the piano for Min Chae?
(It's a performance he
prepared for Min Chae.)
(A serenade for Min Chae)
In his mind, he is serenading Min Chae.
Min Chae, can you hear it?
The car is moving.
Min Chae, hold tight.
Okay.
(Si An shows off his driving skills.)
I am going fast.
(Speed up)
Let's eat.
I will cook something delicious.
I will brush your hair, Honey.
Honey.
Min Chae is my honey.
(Embarrassed)
The baby is crying.
Baby.
Baby, don't cry.
(Si An is an affectionate dad.)
- Baby, let's eat.
- Why are you crying?
(Si An and Min Chae care for the baby.)
Please carry the baby on your back.
Okay.
I want to hold him like this.
Here you go.
I am carrying the baby.
Knock, knock.
Baby, it's time to take your medicine.
Open wide.
(Harmonious and happy days)
- Si An.
- Yes?
- Are you playing well...
- Yes.
With Min Chae?
(Are you playing well with Min Chae?)
(Scary)
Is it more fun than playing with me?
Yes.
(How dare he!)
(She feels betrayed.)
Do you want to play with us?
Yes.
Min Chae.
Do you want to play doctor?
Who wants to be the doctor?
Me.
- All right.
- Me.
Me.
- I am hurting.
- Thank you.
I am hurting.
I knew this would happen.
Seol A and Soo A,
you should let Si An and Min Chae play...
by themselves.
You played with Min Ha without Si An.
(It pricks at her conscience.)
Hurry up and open the door.
It's me, Si An.
When their friend came over,
Seol A and Soo A played without Si An.
(How could they.)
He felt agony at the tender age of four.
What's wrong, Si An?
(I won't forget this.)
When Min Ha came,
(Stuttering)
Si An bothered him.
- Did Si An bother him?
- Si An gave him a hug.
(Hugging)
(Flustered)
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I want to be a princess.
Do you want to try on a princess' dress?
Yes.
- There are a lot.
- This one.
- Little Mermaid dress?
- No, this one.
- This one?
- Snow White dress.
(They choose dresses excitedly.)
(He goes outside while they change.)
Si An, what is Min Chae doing?
She is putting on a princess' dress.
- A princess' dress?
- Yes.
Si An, how should you react...
when Min Chae comes out...
- in a princess' dress.
- "You look pretty."
Tell her that she looks pretty, okay?
Give her...
a big reaction.
"My goodness, you look pretty."
Go. What should you say?
Clap.
(Clap to double the effect.)
"You are the best. You look pretty."
Your nose grows if you lie.
Right. Your nose grows if you lie.
You lied.
No, I didn't lie.
(He checks his nose.)
My goodness.
Here she comes.
(He becomes extremely excited again.)
They turned into princesses.
(The three princesses enter.)
How will Si An react?
You look pretty.
How pretty!
You look the prettiest.
Si An, who is the prettiest?
Min Chae.
(Was he too honest?)
Min Chae, you take the first place.
Si An, go on a date,
okay?
Go on a date.
Go to the park.
Min Chae and I will be back.
A bus.
Let's go on a bus.
Let's go.
It's your first time riding a bus here.
Right? It's your first time.
- Snack.
You want a snack.
Here comes the bus.
Jane, the bus is coming.
(Welcome, bus.)
Does she need to pay?
No.
Jane goes on her first date with Dad.
It's your first time taking a bus.
(Winking)
(She is cute.)
(She acts cute.)
Why are you acting cute?
For whom are you doing it?
Jane.
Look.
Let me tell you what it says.
If you ride the bus without paying,
you will get a fine of 20 dollars.
The bus fare is one dollar.
You will have to pay 20 times more.
When you are old enough to take a bus,
you should make sure to pay the fare.
Okay?
(She is too young for this education.)
This is nice.
(They get off the bus.)
Here you go.
Ta-da.
All right.
Bye.
(Bye, bus.)
We will take a tram now.
Here comes the tram.
Let's take it.
- Let's go.
Let's go.
(What?)
(Is he jaywalking?)
Since trams run in the middle of the road,
the cars stop...
for the safety of the passengers.
(People stand on the road
to get on the tram.)
(He passes two cabins...)
(and takes a seat.)
Jane, it's your first time taking a tram.
Tell Mom later that you took a tram.
(I am excited.)
Give one to me.
(Loving)
(They are a loving dad and daughter.)
Here.
(They follow the tram rail...)
By tram,
(to navigate Moscow.)
they pass through the center of the city...
to arrive at the park the locals frequent.
(They arrive at Severnoye Tushino Park.)
What is that? There is a swing.
- Hello.
Say, "Hello."
What's your name?
Jane.
- Jane.
What a pretty girl...
with a pretty name!
How old are they?
(2 years and 6 months,
2 years and 10 months)
She is 1 year and 7 months old.
What are you filming?
They came from Korea...
- to film a show.
- They came from Korea.
I look after the child without my wife.
(I look after the child without my wife.)
That's great.
(The father isn't impressed.)
What do you want to do?
(Let's go that way.)
Bye.
What?
I won't hold your hand.
Come down the slide.
Let's go.
(Should I go or not?)
Jane.
(Sliding)
(My head hurts.)
Did you bump your head?
(Dad, come here.)
Play, Jane.
What are the girls doing?
They are shoveling sand.
(The little fairies are playing with sand.)
Do you want to try it?
(I want to join them.)
Go in, Jane.
Try it. There you go.
Go ahead and play.
(Hesitant)
There you go.
(May I sit with you?)
Play together, Jane.
(Hi.)
There you go.
(She gives Jane a scoop of sand.)
(It lands on Jane's leg.)
(My goodness.)
- Do you want to go?
- It hurts.
Does it hurt?
(He shakes her up and down.)
It's okay. You can play with sand.
(Blow on my leg.)
Does it sting?
(He understands what Jane says.)
There you go. Let's go that way.
- Shoes.
- Let's put your shoes on.
(He feels bad.)
Say, "Bye."
Let's go.
(Saddened)
Be careful. Go slowly.
There you go.
That's how you do it.
Go slowly, Jane.
(The boy from earlier approaches them.)
(He is excited.)
Go slowly. Watch where you step.
(He walks on his own with his bare feet.)
There you go.
Jane, shall we feed the ducks?
Here you go.
(They feed the ducks together.)
Jane, do you want to try throwing food?
No, don't eat it.
(It's my food.)
There are a lot of ducks, right?
They are playing in water.
Shall we go that way?
At the bank of Moscow River,
everyone is getting a sun tan.
(People are tanning on the small beach.)
The Muscovites enjoy the sun...
in a free-spirited way.
(The summer is short in Russia.)
The beach in the city provides relaxation.
Are Jane and Victor ready to have fun?
Jane, I need to put air...
I need to put air in it.
It won't go in.
(She staggers since she is on a hill.)
(It begins to take shape.)
I need to put air in it.
(The air sofa is ready.)
(A woman approaches him.)
(She asks for a picture.)
She is a fan who recognized Victor.
(He is a superstar in Russia.)
(My dad is popular.)
Thank you.
Do you want to sit here?
Look at this.
(She sinks into an air sofa.)
(It's soft.)
Do you like it?
I brought swimsuits.
This one is for you.
You need to put it on.
(He attempts to help her wear a swimsuit.)
This one goes first. There you go.
My goodness.
(Little and cute)
You look cute!
(He is satisfied.)
Do you like it?
(How do I look?)
Put this swim cap on.
(The swim cap makes her 100 times cuter.)
With the swim cap,
your hair is invisible.
Do you have scissors?
Scissors.
I am going to put a hole in the swim cap.
I will put a hole in the swim cap.
- Okay.
- Wait a minute.
You aren't cutting hair, are you?
(He tries hard to make
her look like a girl.)
There you go.
- Thank goodness.
- One in the back, too.
She looks cute.
It's a success.
(Do I look like a girl now?)
Jane, I will go and change.
(Nodding)
Please watch Jane for a second.
I will go and change.
(Don't worry about me.)
Jane.
(He has six pack abs.)
(A hard training gave him...)
(defined abs.)
Did you enjoy your food?
I changed.
(He is ready to get a sun tan.)
(Thank you.)
Let's eat.
Try it.
There you go.
It's a rice ball.
(She puts it in her mouth.)
You should take smaller bites.
(Food tastes better when they are outside.)
Jane, lie back like me.
It's comfortable.
My goodness.
Everyone is lying back.
This is how you relax.
(They feel drowsy after eating.)
Jane and her dad's first date is a success.
The sun sets and the evening comes.
Everyone is going home with a tired body.
However, some windows remain bright.
There is a man in an empty office.
(Ji Yong is working late.)
Dad, why do you have so much work?
(Dad, why do you have so much work?)
Since my wife and I work,
this happens from time to time.
I couldn't finish work on time.
Because my wife has an appointment,
she couldn't look after Seung Jae.
That's why I brought him
to the company to wait.
- Seung Jae.
- Yes?
I am sorry that this is taking long.
- Let's go, Dad.
- Let's go.
- I will finish it soon.
(He cheers for his dad.)
(What should I play with?)
Why is there so much work?
I got a call.
Who is this?
Is your sister sick?
I will be there shortly.
(He responds right away.)
(He keeps receiving calls.)
What is it?
Is Mr. Elephant locked in a park?
Okay, I will be there shortly.
(When is he leaving?)
(Surprised)
Does Mr. Giraffe have a sore throat?
Okay, I will be there shortly.
(He finally gets up to go.)
Let's go.
Mr. Giraffe. Mr. Giraffe.
My goodness.
(He returns to work.)
I am working.
(He is like an employee
who always works late.)
Why isn't the computer turned on?
What is it?
Will the computer turn on
if I press this button?
Okay.
I pressed it. Please turn on.
Is it working? No, it's not.
I can't start the computer.
Mr. Ko Ji Yong!
(He's flustered.)
(The intern is summoning the director.)
What are you doing, Seung Jae?
I'm working.
Come here. I'll show you something fun.
- What is it?
- Look.
Yes.
What is it?
- Let's see.
- Okay. Let's see.
- Keep watching.
- Let's see.
(He has made a copy.)
What is this?
- It's exactly like this.
- It's identical, right?
(He's working and taking care of his son.)
This is how I work.
- Did you get it?
- It's running.
I want to try too.
Wait.
I can do this.
(This smart guy can copy
his dad right away.)
(Feeling excited)
Come on out.
(What did Seung Jae copy?)
- Dad!
- Yes?
Look at this! There's a deer on it!
- What is that?
- It looks like a deer.
How did you do this, Seung Jae?
I put the deer on it. I put it here.
The deer came out from here!
You put the deer between
here and pressed it?
Yes. Look. Let me try this.
(He shows off in front of the director.)
There are two now.
All right. I should put this down.
(He's not bad.)
Look at this.
Hold on.
- There are 2 deer.
- There are 1 and a half.
- What is this?
- It's one and a half.
- It covers this much.
- No, no.
Seung Jae, if you put them in the center,
deer on this side won't be in the paper.
Toward this side? I'll put three this time.
(He fixes his mistake.)
Let's try this.
It's coming out. Here it comes.
(Giggling)
There are three!
(He successfully prints three deer.)
This is so exciting!
(It's great to work with Dad.)
Shall we print your hand?
- This hand, please.
- This hand?
(He wants to play with Seung Jae more.)
- Here it comes.
- Let's check the paper.
- There's my hand on this!
- Your hand is on it.
("Seung Jae Was Here")
I will finish quickly and
play with you, Seung Jae.
(He follows his dad.)
- Dad.
- Yes?
(Seung Jae wants to play with him more.)
Dad, make me small pieces of paper, please.
Do you want to play gun fight?
I'm going to do it with you.
This often happens to
those working parents.
- Seung Jae.
- Yes?
This is just like money.
- Can you see the stamps?
- Yes.
This is just like money.
Go to the coffee shop on the first floor.
Get Daddy iced Americano.
- Iced coffee. Americano.
- Yes.
Please get me iced Americano.
Then I want iced apple juice!
- Iced apple juice?
- Yes.
With this, buy yourself iced apple juice.
With this, please bring me iced Americano.
- Yes.
- Got it?
Go to the first floor and turn right.
Get out of the elevator, and turn right.
- To the right.
- This is the 7th floor.
- Let's go.
Press number 7 when you come back.
- Okay.
- I'll see you soon.
(He's having fun looking at his face.)
Ta-da!
I'm here for the coffee!
(He ventures out to buy coffee.)
(He goes straight without any hesitation.)
(He said I have to turn right.)
(He turns right.)
Let's go. Let's get going.
(Struggling to open the door)
Here you go!
What would you like?
I'd like iced coffee and iced apple juice.
We don't have apple juice.
How about orange juice?
Then please give me orange juice.
I'll give you this. Please
wait for your drinks.
(What is this?)
Why did you give this to me?
When it vibrates, I will
give you coffee and juice.
Is this like a cell phone?
This is like a buzzer.
Let's see.
(He's fascinated by the buzzer.)
I'm going to watch this.
(What?)
Sir, what are you drinking?
I'm not that old. We're like friends.
- Say, "Hey".
- Hey.
Let's shake hands.
Let's shake hands. It's nice to meet you.
(You don't look like my peers.)
- You're not my friend.
- Yes, I am.
(They're arguing.)
- You're not my friend.
- Yes, I am.
You're an adult. You're tall.
You're tall.
Even if I'm tall, I'm still your friend.
(No, you're not.)
(They're in conflict.)
Your drinks are ready, so please...
- come to the counter.
- Here you go.
Please open the juice bottle for me.
- Thank you.
- Here's the coffee.
(He takes a sip of the
juice after the debate.)
Bye.
Goodbye.
I'm going to see my dad.
7th floor.
- 7th floor.
It's going up.
It's moving up.
This is the seventh floor.
Dad, what are you doing?
(He starts playing the
hide and seek alone.)
Dad is right there.
What is Dad doing?
(He hasn't noticed Seung Jae at all.)
I brought you the iced coffee.
Good job.
Goodness, you went downstairs for this?
- Did you?
- Yes.
I didn't drink yours, Dad.
Dad, drink up.
Thank you for the coffee.
Dad, are you done with your computer?
No, I am not.
(You do have a lot of work to do.)
- Hey, are you hungry?
- Yes.
Do you want to eat jjajangmyeon?
Hello, this is the seventh floor.
I'd like a bowl of jjajangmyeon.
I'll use the coupon for the
small sized tangsuyuk.
I spend a lot of time at work.
Before I realize it, I
had a lot of coupons.
It's fun collecting coupons.
I used the coupons for both of them.
Here's the car.
The food is here. Sit.
- Hello.
- It's here.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- This is jjajangmyeon.
- It's jjajangmyeon.
It's jjajangmyeon.
(Glancing)
Mister, why are you wearing a hat?
Why are you wearing the hat on your head?
He rides the motorcycle. It's dangerous.
- Thank you.
- Enjoy.
- Bye.
- Let's eat.
- I want jjajangmyeon.
(Late night food after
work is the tastiest.)
Dad, open your mouth too.
(He takes care of his dad who worked hard.)
Hold it first. Feed me one of them first.
(Dad, eat a lot.)
I'll work hard, and buy
you good food again.
I'm sure Seung Jae is just
happy to be with you.
Meanwhile, Si An left for his date.
- Be careful, Min Chae.
- Okay.
Isn't it pretty here?
(The birds are singing beautifully.)
I see birds!
(He can't help but hum.)
There are flowers here.
What do girls like?
(His dad taught him to
give flowers to girls.)
You should give flowers.
(I see.)
- Aren't flowers pretty?
- Yes.
They are as pretty as you.
(He's the sweetest.)
This is the foxtail.
(He plucks a foxtail.)
Do it on my arm.
(He tickles Min Chae.)
Shall I pluck it this time?
Okay. How though?
That's too far.
Shall I pluck it for you?
(He tries his best with his short arm.)
(Min Chae, I happen to
get this on the way.)
Keep it.
Thank you.
(This time, she tickles Si An.)
(They're a cute couple in love.)
(Si An and Min Chae are
having a great time.)
(Si An is taking Min Chae somewhere.)
I'll sit right here.
Hold tight.
(Trying to move)
(But the see-saw doesn't even budge.)
Why isn't it moving?
(She moves the see-saw with some energy.)
Min Chae, you're good.
(Amazed)
Min Chae, this is fun.
(The see-saw makes big movements.)
Isn't it fun?
It's fun!
(The see-saw is so thrilling.)
The see-saw ride is getting more intense.
Wait.
What is it?
Min Chae, I'm scared.
Were you scared?
Are you okay?
(I wanted to look cool.)
I was a little scared.
While Si An and Min Chae
are having a sweet time,
what are his sisters doing?
(Seol A looks displeased.)
What?
I think that girl stole Si An.
Si An? Do you think Min Chae stole him?
Are you jealous?
How can you be jealous already?
As time passes by,
you won't be jealous anymore.
I want Si An and Min Chae to come fast!
(She's emotional.)
Okay, then.
Shall we take a peek at what they're doing?
- Hurry, hurry.
- Okay, let's go.
- Hurry.
- Let's go.
Let's go!
(Si An is having a happy time.)
Should we sit here?
Hold on.
(He's placing a handkerchief for her.)
- Sit down.
- Okay.
Min Chae, sit here.
(Si An prepared something else.)
Min Chae, do you like jelly?
Yes.
(He's busy looking after Min Chae.)
Make sure you chew well.
(I'll feed you this time.)
I'll feed you this time.
(Really?)
(Open up, Si An!)
(I had the sweetest jelly
in the world today.)
It's delicious.
Look at that.
(There is a mosquito.)
Your face. It's on your face.
(Stupid mosquito!)
I'm scared.
(I'm scared of bugs.)
(If you're scared...)
I was scared.
Si An is brave, so it's okay.
I'll protect you.
(He's so brave.)
(Si An is so cool.)
(What a reliable friend.)
Min Chae, do you like me?
(Min Chae, do you like me?)
Yes.
(Grinning)
Si An, do you like me?
Yes. I like you because you're pretty.
(Gulping)
(What are you even thinking?)
(Gosh, my naughty lips.)
(The atmosphere is a little strange.)
(Si An's face is red.)
(Si An is approaching her.)
(Is it a sudden kiss?)
(He's showing off his eyebrows.)
(He makes Min Chae laugh.)
(There are dark shadows watching them.)
- Did they just kiss?
- Yes.
How strange.
We caught you!
- We saw you kiss.
- We caught you.
- We saw you.
We saw it all.
Hey! No.
- No.
- We saw you.
We saw you kiss.
Right?
- How was it?
- What is this?
What is it? Are you going to protect her?
Okay. Seol A, Soo A...
- Me.
- Here.
(Dad's homemade burger)
What's for dinner with Min Chae?
It's Dong Gook's homemade burgers.
You're good at eating, Min Chae.
Here. I'll wipe you with this.
- Good. Wipe her.
- I got it on my hand.
She has it on her hand. Wipe her hand.
(Si An is being such a gentleman.)
Wipe it for her.
(This looks familiar...)
A scene is passing by in Seol A's head.
(The day Min Ha came over)
- His mom...
- Did you eat?
Did you get it on you?
It's on him.
(The twins were busy
taking care of Min Ha.)
(Look at me.)
(They had no interest in their brother.)
Si An has some on too.
(Si An was invisible to the twins.)
(He's wiping Min Chae's hand.)
Aren't you going to wipe my hand?
You're too far to wipe.
(Is this too far for you?)
Why won't you wipe mine?
He's taking his revenge.
I don't want to eat it.
Min Chae won't like you then.
She won't play with you.
(Wait, that's not good.)
I'll eat it.
(Wide)
(He's eating so well.)
Min Chae, look at how well he eats.
Min Chae, do you like good eaters?
- Yes.
- Do you like Soo A?
Do you like Soo A?
She eats well. Do you like her?
She eats like a hippopotamus.
(Soo A eats like a hippopotamus.)
Like a hippopotamus,
She eats a lot.
- She stuffs herself.
- Even still,
you shouldn't call her a hippopotamus.
If you don't want it, give it to me.
- Can I eat it?
- Yes.
Since I'm cool, you can have it.
(Yes, you're cool.)
How did today go, Min Chae?
It was fun.
What about you, Min Chae? What was best?
- See-saw.
- The see-saw?
Si An, she liked riding with you.
(Grinning)
(Dong Gook is excited
about Si An's romance.)
(Yes, that's it.)
Good job.
Si An really likes me.
You talk so nicely.
Yes, she does.
Si An does too.
Si An is cool when he talks.
Do you talk cool?
Yes.
He keeps on saying...
he talks cool.
He should talk like this.
I'm cool when I talk.
Okay.
- "I'm cool when I talk."
(What's wrong with him?)
(Min Chae, my sisters are just joking.)
It's time to say bye. Min Chae has to go.
Her mom is coming.
- You had fun, right?
- Yes!
Come visit again.
(A sad goodbye kiss)
- Good.
- Bye.
Bye.
Tell her to dream... She's here!
- Say, dream about me.
- Mom!
- Your mom's here.
- Mom! Mom!
- Hello.
(Si An is sulking.)
Si An, say your goodbye.
Give her a hug.
(Are you really leaving?)
See you tomorrow.
Min Chae, I love you.
How nice.
- It's so nice.
- Nice.
(The father and daughter
are here to practice.)
Hello.
I'm practicing by myself today.
- Thank you.
- Where's her mom today?
- Dad.
- Am I your dad?
(She's brave even without her mom.)
Let's go. I have to go skate.
Should we go this way?
(It's the skaters' locker room.)
(Amazed)
What is all this?
What is that?
I'm tying my laces.
Yes.
(Giggling)
You've never seen me tying skates, right?
(She's excited just looking at laces.)
- Jane.
- Jane!
Say hello.
Hello.
Who is the girl giving Jane a hug?
(Coach Alex and his daughter Vicka)
I like it.
You're exactly the same as your dad.
Let's skate.
Let's skate, Jane.
(Jane is wearing her first skates.)
Are you two ready to skate?
I'll go for a round.
Bye.
(He's skating fast...)
(thanks to Jane's support.)
Victor is back to being
a short track skater...
as he focuses on his practice.
(He's always on top of his training.)
Dad.
He's skating harder at Jane's cheers.
(There's no hesitation
as he turns corners.)
Dad.
Dad. Dad.
(Victor has to look after
Jane time to time.)
High-five. High-five.
(Dad, you're great!)
How do you feel?
Great.
Good. Good. Great.
(Victor and Alex are having a discussion.)
(When is this over?)
(Jane is reaching out to her dad.)
(She's kicking.)
(She misses her dad.)
Come to dad.
(Piggybacking)
Great.
What is this now?
(What is that pink object?)
(He received a baby blanket from his fans.)
(Is it a blanket?)
(Who would have thought he'd use it here?)
(The coach is helping Victor.)
(Jane has never used this before.)
Jane has never used the baby blanket.
Will she like it?
(She looks uncomfortable.)
The world's first baby piggyback skating.
It's only possible with a skater dad.
Are you okay?
(His thigh muscles are
used for piggybacks.)
One, two. One, two.
Jane!
Hello.
(This is so much fun.)
Are you having fun? Do you like it?
(The practice is over. Let's go play!)
After practice, Victor and Jane...
are visiting a traditional market.
There are a lot of stuff.
What is it?
It's a famous market
full of arts and crafts.
(Moscow's traditional market)
Since we received gifts from Korea,
let's buy gifts to send back.
You can choose. What do you like?
Which one do you like?
This one? Do you like that?
Should I open it?
Did you just kiss it?
You can choose.
(A music box?)
I'll buy it for you.
(Grabbing)
Do you like this one?
(She loves matryoshka.)
Who is that?
(They discovered something interesting.)
He's the president of Russia.
(It's a Putin matryoshka.)
Look, Jane.
The Korean president is here too.
Look.
Jane, a hat. Do you want to try?
- Yes.
- Okay, which one?
I'll let you try a colorful one.
(What did Victor pick?)
(She looks like G-Dragon.)
Mom.
Jane is attracting a lot of attention.
How adorable.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
We bought a matryoshka...
and a hat.
- Hat.
- Yes.
(Excuse me!)
A mysterious man is stopping Victor.
(A suspicious man is approaching.)
I want pictures.
- A photo.
- Okay.
(He wants a picture of Victor as a fan.)
- A selfie?
- Yes, a selfie is good.
(Hey, I want to get in.)
People are gathering after
recognizing Victor.
Jane's dad is so popular.
(Confused)
(Jane, your father is so amazing.)
- Are you training now?
- Yes, I am.
He's an Olympic champion too.
Really? In what sport?
- Wrestling.
- Oh, wrestling?
He continues to take
pictures with his fans.
I'm so proud.
(This is how famous an
Olympic champion is.)
Could I shake your hand?
(What's going on?)
Bye, bye.
- You were so good.
- Thank you.
Hello.
Thank you.
(He's good at Korean.)
Let's go.
- Not this one.
- It's a present.
It's a present.
She gave this to you.
(What a generous lady.)
- Jane. It's a present.
- Jane.
(Jane is getting a lot of presents.)
You have to thank him. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Jane is just as popular.)
Say thank you, Jane. Thank you.
Thank you.
(I'm so happy.)
(An elderly lady is approaching Jane.)
Look at that.
Why is this written on here?
(Stop asking me, I'm a girl.)
But you're so pretty.
What do you mean stop asking you?
People keep asking us if
she's a girl or a boy.
Then I tell them she's a girl.
- She looks like a girl.
- Does she?
Give her one.
(Have a bite.)
Thank you. I don't need it.
You can have it. Thank you.
(Then you have it, Dad.)
You gave it to your dad. Good job.
(He's trying on a traditional hat.)
Do you want to try?
Do you like it?
(She looks so cute.)
(I love it.)
(How adorable.)
Jane, come here.
(Jane has a good sense of balance.)
She's an athlete too.
It's because her dad...
- is good at skating.
- Let's go that way.
Jane, let's go eat corn.
(I'd love that.)
Hot. Hot.
Hot?
(Boiled corn is Jane's favorite.)
Jane, it's hot. I'll give it to you.
(She's begging for the corn.)
- Dad.
(Dad, hurry!)
Touch it. It's too hot. Touch it.
It's hot, right?
Dad.
(Jane is in a rush.)
Okay. Gosh, it's hot.
Blow on it.
(There's no time to blow.)
It's too hot.
- Hot.
- Yes, it's hot.
Yes, it's hot. It's too hot.
I'll cool it for you.
(Jane's dying to have it.)
It's too hot to eat.
(I can't wait anymore.)
It's too hot, Jane.
(Her passion for corn is just as hot.)
Wait a little more. It's too hot.
You can blow on it. Good.
(Biting)
Did you eat it? Isn't it hot?
It's hot.
Try just a little bit.
Hot.
(It's so hot!)
Was it hot?
(Her craving overpowers the heat.)
Let's go around.
Let's go.
- Salute.
Don't throw out your garbage here.
(Everyone, listen to me.)
Okay, we won't.
Don't run, it's dangerous.
There are so many ants.
Don't run.
Let's cross.
You can't cross when it's red light.
Okay.
Wow, Seung Jae. What a serious policeman.
Hello.
- Yes, hello.
- I called earlier.
- I'm Ko Ji Yong.
- Yes.
- Hello.
Are you Seung Jae?
I want to volunteer with Seung Jae.
Is there something we can do?
We have action officers.
You have to visit the elderly...
and ask how they're doing.
You have to visit them.
We would appreciate it if you could help.
- Can you do a good job?
- Yes.
Good luck.
(They're action officers for the day!)
- Please do a good job.
- Okay.
We have a car prepared.
You can go around together.
Please do a good job.
(They make visits to those in need.)
- Let's go.
- Yes, let's go.
(Action Officer Seung Jae is on his way!)
Move out of the way, honk.
Let's go, Seung Jae.
(They arrived at the first house.)
Dad, I'm looking for thieves.
(On guard)
Seung Jae, we're going to
an elderly lady's home.
You have to ask her if she's doing okay.
Hello, grandma.
(Grandma, are you home?)
Grandma?
Ma'am? Hello.
Is that a baby? Come in.
- Hello.
You have pretty shoes.
Grandma, you're pretty.
(She's bringing out snacks.)
There's this one and this one too.
(He's happy.)
What's your name?
- Ko Seung Jae.
- Ko Seung Jae?
You're such a good speaker.
Do you have any leaks?
Did anything bother you?
I have a lot I need, but I feel bad.
We'll do as much as we can.
One light doesn't work.
- Your lights?
- The lights?
That one.
(Ji Yong is taking a look.)
I'll go buy the same one...
and exchange it for you.
Is there a store nearby?
I'll be right back.
(He's off to the hardware store.)
What should we do?
- What is this?
- It's chili.
What is this?
They're chili leaves.
- It's big.
- My goodness.
It's big.
Why are there green ones and red ones?
This one is old.
This one is young.
I want to smell it.
No, you can't.
It's so spicy.
(Screaming)
(He's overacting just like the grandma.)
I dried this one.
(They get along so well.)
You're so adorable.
(There's so much laughter,
thanks to chili.)
- How cute.
- What is this?
Bring it over. I'll show you.
Sit down here.
(Do you want to know what it's for?)
It goes like this. Gosh, that feels good.
I want to try.
Okay, do me. That feels good.
How nice.
- Does it feel good?
- Yes, it's great.
(Seung Jae is giving her a massage.)
How wonderful.
Put this in your pocket.
(Put the candy away.)
Put in another one. Good job.
Don't tell Dad.
Okay. I won't tell him.
(The candy alliance)
Guess what I'm eating.
I don't know.
(They're the best partners.)
I should make you something delicious.
What do you like? Do you like potatoes?
Yes.
She wants to feed Seung Jae something.
She's rushing to make potato pancakes.
(Granny's special potato pancakes)
Seung Jae, do you know how to eat this?
It's delicious.
- Gosh, it's delicious.
- What is it?
What is it? It's potato pancakes.
There's ketchup. Try it.
Gosh, you're good.
- Hot.
- Is it hot?
Hurry up and cool down.
(Hurry up and cool down for Seung Jae.)
(He's copying her.)
Try it now. Good.
(Biting)
(Delicious)
It tastes like fries.
Gosh, you're so smart.
Seung Jae is in love with
her potato pancakes.
This time, it's for you.
That's too big.
Thank you.
Ji Yong is rushing over.
He bought the things the
elderly lady needs.
(The grandma's house is
filled with laughter.)
I don't know.
(She was lonely, but now she's laughing.)
Your dad is here.
What is the policeman doing?
- Why do you have rice?
- I bought it.
Why would you bother?
I bought some fruits and rice.
- My goodness.
- It's nothing.
- I feel bad.
- Don't be.
Let me change your lights first.
Your son is so smart. He talks well too.
Thank you.
(Ji Yong is switching the lightbulb.)
- It's bright.
- It's a lot brighter.
- We'll come back.
- When?
We'll come back.
I'll come after three nights.
Please visit again.
Bye, grandma.
Okay. Take care.
- Stay healthy.
- Grandma, stay healthy.
You too.
Let's go!
- Let's go.
- Hello.
Let's go in. Take your shoes off.
- I'm here.
- Come in.
- Hello.
Gosh, you're cute.
(A visiting nurse is here too.)
Why is a nurse here?
Grandma hurt her knee.
- The nurse will help.
- Is it a checkup?
- Yes, it's a checkup.
- Checkup.
- I want to watch.
- Okay, come watch.
I want to see if she's brave.
(Brave grandma is testing
her blood pressure.)
What is that?
I'm checking her blood pressure.
That's part of a checkup.
Your blood pressure is normal.
It's 130 over 80.
What are you listening to?
- Do you want to hear it?
- Yes!
- I'll check her.
- Go ahead.
He must know how to do it.
(She's surprised.)
Try over here.
- How am I?
- I'll fix you.
Gosh, thank you.
(His words make her feel better.)
(Seung Jae, I'm proud of you.)
Grandma, are you getting a shot?
Yes.
I don't want her to get a shot.
We're checking her blood sugar level.
What do we do?
Don't give her a shot.
Should I not?
I have to get it since I'm sick.
(Poking)
(There's blood coming out from her finger.)
What do I do?
(He's stepping back after seeing blood.)
Why is she getting a shot?
Because she's sick.
My legs hurt the most.
I'll make an appointment at the clinic.
I'll take you there and drive you back.
- Gosh, thank you.
- It's nothing.
Let's go!
Move out of the way.
Grandma is coming.
(Make way for grandma!)
Let's go.
(They're escorting her.)
(Seung Jae is opening the door for her.)
Grandma, get on.
Seung Jae, move.
I have to move.
Hold on.
(I have to go too.)
(They're sitting in the back together.)
Good boy.
- Here we go.
- Okay.
Does physiotherapy help?
If I get it every day, it feels good.
- However, now...
- You can't go often.
No. When I used to go, I only had one cane.
But this year, I need two canes.
It's embarrassing to go outside.
I just stay indoors.
It's too embarrassing.
(Action Officer Seung
Jae is feeling tired.)
- The baby is sleeping.
- Yes.
He must be tired.
Seung Jae is sleeping,
so could you look after him?
I'll take her up to the clinic.
(Dad, please take good care of her!)
(She's getting Ji Yong's help.)
She finally arrived with
Ji Yong in her hand.
(Her therapy is starting.)
- It'll get hot soon.
- Okay.
It's warm.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
(Ji Yong is keeping by her side.)
I'm bothering so many people.
I feel so bad.
Don't think like that.
Then you'll get sad.
- I hope you get better.
- Okay.
Grandma, please stay healthy.
(Get well, grandma!)